Start the second assault.
Enough, allright?
Who started all the talk about Star Wars being real, huh?
I had a dream about it, allright? You did not believe me
and now it happened for real. Don´t blame me for this!
That was close... How did they even find us?
Maybe next time we shouldn´t sit directly next to the river in plain sight.
He´s right. They saw us and it won´t take
long before the first troops arrive here...
Schumi! Are you alive?
Where am I?
Guys am I glad to see you!
We thought they captured you!
They did! But it´s amazing what you can
do with bubble gum and some wire...
Well great thing you got out of there.
We have to go back!
Go back!? Go back where?
Back home!
Are you nuts!?
That´s exactly where it all started!
There´s imperial troops all over the place!
IS THAT SO!?
Well he convinced me...
... Then I said I don´t believe you!
The new VT-16 is the shit! ...
My loyal warriors... I have a mission of utmost importance for you.
What is thy bidding my master?
I sense a great disturbance in the force. I underestimated the people of Earth. Apparently, there are more potential users of the force when we thought.
That´s hard to believe, the earthlings are weak!
Yes master, how can this be?
The earthlings don´t know of their potential. They don´t use the
powers of the force. This will be our advantage!
Our advantage?
Yessss... I´ve found the one with the most potential... *cough*
He´s unskilled and naive... We will easily pull him
to the dark side of the force!
What is your plan my master?
Travel to Earth. In the city of... uhm... BREMEN you´ll find him.
What if he´s not alone?
I only need the one. Don´t let anyone come between you. *cough*
Kill anyone who tries to stop you!
As you wish, master.
Yes, master?
It is time, everything is prepared. You can bring the sabers to them now.
Only then we can be sure if we´ve made the right choice...
Yes master. They´ll receive the lightsabers just in time.
Suspiciously quiet out here...
A bit too quiet...
Goddamnit! Is this ever going to stop!?
Hey guys!
Hi Peter!
Here´s a question, what are you guys doing out here?
And who of you numbnuts had the idea to walk around unarmed?
When the shit hits the fan I won´t sit on my ass
at home and miss out on all the action around here!
I´m going to kick some serious ass!
Kicking ass! That´s a good point! We need
weapons. Can you help us with that?
Don´t shoot around like some rednecks, I don´t have much ammo left!